Thursday Morning Graduatin' - Special Thanks:

    My friends Mika, Vince, Zan, and Bianca for inspiring me to start this project
      - Mika for being a cool artist and influencing my artstyle.
      - Zan for helping me learn how to draw too and for putting up with my shit.
      - Vince for also putting up with my shit and for being the person I talk to in parties whenever I feel awkward.
      - Bianca for inspiring me and helping me through a moment in my life. I'm sorry and I hope you're happier wherever you are now!

    My friends Cal, Cza and Meo for being my support system in college!
      - Cal for being a very talented artist I can look up to and aim to be atleast half as good as.
      - Meo for also being a very talented artist I can look up to (god bless your 3D skills).
      - Cza for also also being a very talented artist I can look up to.
      I sometimes feel like I have no place in the world and despite sometimes feeling so in our friend group, y'all still help me get through it.
      
    The Jokis for being ppl I can hang with occasionally, y'all are cool - perhaps too cool for me even lol.

    Mah Family for birthing me into this world and being the only people I can show modding progress too without spoiling anyone haha!

    The Funkin' Crew for making an amazing game that I had fun modding!

    KadeDev for making a stable engine I used as a base and heavily modified to make this mod!

    And you for FOLLOWING THE DATA PRIVACY ACT OF 2012 [R.A. 10173] I SWEAR TO GOT IF ONE OF YOU POSTS THIS ONLINE I WILL FIND YOU AND SMACK YOU.

    Cheers <3
    -AmieeWuzHere



Friday Night Funkin' - Special Thanks:

    wanda
    fizzd
    kiddbrute
    HenryEYES
    Clone Hero
    Tom Fulp
    StuffedWombat
    mmatt_ugh
    Squidly
    Luis
    GeoKureli
    Will Blanton
    SrPelo
    Austin East
    Krystin, Kaye-lyn, Cassidy, Mack, Levi, and Jasmine.
    Laurel
    bbpanzu
    Etika
    Foamymuffin (insert travis scott lyrics here)
    SiIvaGunner
    Masaya Matsuura
    BIT BOY - MIKE WELSH